Update PR template (#4476)
opensearch-project/security: .github/pull_request_template.md

Is this a backport? If so, please add backport PR # and/or commits #

> Do these changes include new roles or permissions? If so, please open a draft PR in the security dashboards plugin and link the draft PR here

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Do these changes introduce new permission(s) to be displayed in the static dropdown on the front-end? If so, please open a draft PR in the security dashboards plugin and link the draft PR here
```
